[MUSIC]
In class we've been talking
about embedded systems.
And I'd like to give you a small example
of one in the flesh, so to speak.
This one, it's got a sensor, an actuator
and a microcontroller in between.
It's got all the basics
that we've spoken about.
So if we look in front of you,
we've got a bread board, right here.
And on this bread board, we've got our
sensor, this little blue knob right here.
This blue knob is a potentiometer.
What it does is it senses rotation.
So it's a knob, I can turn the knob, and
it will report back to me
the amount of rotation.
It does that in terms of resistance,
so it's really a changing resistor, or
a variable resistor.
You turn the knob and
the resistance changes.
So that is connected to a microcontroller,
this microcontroller right
here on the Arduino.
This is the Arduino.
The Arduino reads the information
about the rotation, and based on that,
it sends signals to the actuator.
The actuator is over here.
This actuator is a servo motor,
it's a motor that you can control
the angle to which it's rotating.
You can see it has a little arm on there,
and
we're going to control that angle based
on the rotation of this potentiometer.
So the idea is, you turn the
potentiometer, and the servo will rotate,
and it'll rotate according to the amount
that you turned the potentiometer.
So, just to show you the wiring
before I show what it does, you got
the potentiometer wired to, actually,
let's start with the power and ground.
Everything is wired to power and
ground, so we've got power and
ground which are the red and
the black coming out of the Arduino.
Those are wired into the servo motor and
into the little bread board.
So it's wired to these two
columns of bread board, so
it's also wired to potentiometer.
So the potentiometer, its signal is the
signal that reports how much rotation has
occurred, that's this yellow wire
right here that goes into the Arduino.
And then there's a green wire from
the Arduino into the servo which controls
the angle to which the servo is turned.
So let's go ahead and turn this.
Hold it down, there it is,
now it's working just like I wanted.
I turn the potentiometer and
the servo turns.
So this is just a simple example of
an embedded system with a sensor,
an actuator, and a microcontroller in
between that controls the actuator and
reads data from the sensor.
[MUSIC]